hello everybody this is master Rex 09
and today we'll be showing you our 30th
anniversary Pat picked up today from
target okay first of all show you the
box and if you open it nicely you will
become a diorama force unleashed nice
picture they are set to stomp rivers you
can see their 30th anniversary and
there's the back as Darth Vader which
was the other packet you could have
gotten also I'll tell you that you get a
false image street and this tool unlock
your dad's costume there is there okay
let's get into this first of all I'll
show you the troopers the legs are very
articulated and the color scheme is
grayish blackish he gets a little
handgun here and it ties runs hand he's
very easy to stand up and he's a very
nice tripper with a Seth he's my first
emperor palpatine I've been waiting to
get in for a long time and now I finally
got him you got a good cloak and I think
he's from the episode revenge of the
sith all he's truly just from force
unleashed and the other trooper exactly
the same obviously so overall I'll write
this pack probably a 9 out of 10 I just
really love the figures brilliant I
guarantee you should buy it thanks for
watching please comment rate subscribe
bye